feat(core): custom resource provider helper (#7773)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/core/README.md

### Custom Resource Providers

Custom resources are backed by a **custom resource provider** which can be
implemented in one of the following ways. The following table compares the
various provider types (ordered from low-level to high-level):

> | Provider                                                             | Compute Type | Error Handling | Submit to CloudFormation | Max Timeout     | Language | Footprint |

Reviewer: Nice! I like this table.

It's not clear what 'footprint' here means. Clarify above the table or use a different phrasing.

Author: Added.

});
```

> #### The `core.CustomResourceProvider` class

Reviewer: Somewhere in this readme, add a section on when to use the slim class vs. the full blown framework, and why there are two different options.

Author: Added

The class [`@aws-cdk/core.CustomResourceProvider`] offers a basic low-level
framework designed to implement simple and slim custom resource providers. It
currently only supports Node.js-based user handlers, and it does not have
support for asynchronous waiting (handler cannot exceed the 15min lambda
timeout).

[`@aws-cdk/core.CustomResourceProvider`]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.CustomResourceProvider.html

Set `serviceToken` to `provider.serviceToken` to use this provider:

```ts
import { CustomResource, CustomResourceProvider } from '@aws-cdk/core';
const provider = new CustomResourceProvider(this, 'MyProvider', {
  codeDirectory: `${__dirname}/my-handler`,
  runtime: CustomResourceProviderRuntime.NODEJS_12, // currently the only supported runtime
});
new CustomResource(this, 'MyResource', {
  serviceToken: provider.serviceToken
});
```

> The directory `my-handler` must include an `index.js` file which exports an async function named `handler`. This function accepts the CloudFormation resource event object and returns an object with the following structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The directory `my-handler` must include an `index.js` file. It cannot import external dependencies or files outside this folder. It must export an async function named `handler`. This function accepts the CloudFormation resource event object and returns an object with the following structure:
```

```js
exports.handler = async function(event) {
  const props = event.ResourceProperties;
  const oldProps = event.OldResourceProperties; // in UPDATE
  switch (event.RequestType) {
    // ...
  }
  return {

>     // value of "Ref" (defaults to "event.PhysicalResourceId" or "event.RequestId")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // value of "REF" (defaults to "event.PhysicalResourceId" or "event.RequestId")
```

Author: Why? Isn't this `{ "Ref": "LogicalId" }` in cloudformation?

Reviewer 2: OK, got it now. It was not clear with the `REF` just below. Maybe it's the `REF` then that is confusing...

Author: Fixed.

});
```

#### The `core.CustomResourceProvider` class

The class [`@aws-cdk/core.CustomResourceProvider`] offers a basic low-level
framework designed to implement simple and slim custom resource providers. It
currently only supports Node.js-based user handlers, and it does not have
support for asynchronous waiting (handler cannot exceed the 15min lambda
timeout).

[`@aws-cdk/core.CustomResourceProvider`]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.CustomResourceProvider.html

The provider has a built-in singleton method which uses the resource type as a
stack-unique identifier and returns the service token:

```ts

> const serviceToken = CustomResourceProvider.getOrCreate(this, 'Custom::MyCustomResourceType';, {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const serviceToken = CustomResourceProvider.getOrCreate(this, 'Custom::MyCustomResourceType', {
```

  codeDirectory: `${__dirname}/my-handler`,
  runtime: CustomResourceProviderRuntime.NODEJS_12, // currently the only supported runtime
});

new CustomResource(this, 'MyResource', {
  resourceType: 'Custom::MyCustomResourceType',
  serviceToken: serviceToken
});
```

The directory (`my-handler` in the above example) must include an `index.js` file. It cannot import
external dependencies or files outside this directory. It must export an async
function named `handler`. This function accepts the CloudFormation resource
event object and returns an object with the following structure:

```js
exports.handler = async function(event) {
  const id = event.PhysicalResourceId; // only for "Update" and "Delete"
  const props = event.ResourceProperties;
  const oldProps = event.OldResourceProperties; // only for "Update"s
  
  switch (event.RequestType) {
    case "Create":
      // ...

    case "Update":
      // ...

      // if an error is thrown, a FAILED response will be submitted to CFN
      throw new Error('Failed!');
      
    case "Delete":
      // ...
  }

  return {

>     // (optional) the value resolved from `resource.ref`
>     // defaults to "event.PhysicalResourceId" or "event.RequestId"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // (optional) the value received when `resource.ref` is called in the CDK resource.
    // defaults to "event.PhysicalResourceId" or "event.RequestId"
```

    PhysicalResourceId: "REF",

>     // (optional) the values resolved from `resource.getAtt("KEY")`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // (optional) calling `resource.getAtt("Att1")` on the custom resource in the CDK app
    // will return the value "BAR".
```
